MODELIX-584 Update roadmap (#10)
modelix/website: content/en/blog/2024-02-15-modelix-roadmap-update-2024/index.md

---
date: 2024-02-15
title: "Modelix Roadmap Update 2024"
---

Today we are excited to share our [updated roadmap](https://docs.modelix.org/modelix/main/main/roadmap.html) with you.
It contains our current plans for major features in 2024 and beyond.
We summarize the key priorities in a dedicated overview alongside more detailed explanations.

Please contact us if you have questions, want to discuss the key priorities and our plans, or seek technical support.
We value your feedback!

> Come find us over in the [#modelix Slack channel](https://jetbrains-mps.slack.com/archives/C01ADCD6VSM) or [contact us via E-Mail](mailto:modelix@itemis.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Come find us over in the [#modelix Slack channel](https://jetbrains-mps.slack.com/archives/C01ADCD6VSM) or [contact us via email](mailto:modelix@itemis.com).
```

E-Mail is German spelling
